### This project was made possible by the generous support of Codio in partnership with the Computer Science Teachers Association

# Authors

## Stephanie Hoeppner
Stephanie Hoeppner has been in computer science education for 18 years.  She currently serves on the Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA) Board of Directors, Co-founded the Ohio Chapter of CSTA, a member of the CSTA Computer Science Advocacy Leadership Team, and is serving as the chair of the 2017 CSTA Annual Conference.  Stephanie has presented Computer Science Professional Development  workshops and sessions at State and National Level Conferences. 

## Daniel Moix
Daniel Moix has taught computer science since 2003 at the Arkansas School for Mathematics, Sciences & Arts; College of the Ouachitas; and Bryant High School. He is Computer Science Teachers Association (CSTA) Arkansas Vice-President, a member of the CSTA Computer Science Advocacy Leadership Team (CSALT), and Arkansas’s first K-12 Computer Science Education Specialist. Daniel was the 9-12 grade level lead for the 2016 CSTA K-12 Computer Science Standards and a writer on the Framework for K-12 Computer Science Education. Daniel is a recipient of the 2015 Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching and the 2016 CSTA/ACM/Infosys Award for Excellence in Computer Science Teaching.

## Deepa Muralidhar
I am a high school computer science teacher at Roswell High School. I have been teaching computer science at the high school level for the last 16 years. I have taught computer science courses at various levels - from the introductory courses to the advanced AP Computer Science classes. I piloted the new AP CS Principles course and worked with college board on the AP CS Principles Development Committee and at the Pilot Reading as Table Reader. I am also the Co-founder and President for CSTA - Ga Chapter. I have written a lab manual for an introductory course in programming using Pencil Code. I consult with various organizations such at NMSI, CollegeBoard, Google, ETS and others as content specialist for Computer Science developing curriculum and assessments as well as training teachers to teach computer science courses at the K-12 level. 

## Joel Spencer
Joel Spencer is an elementary, computer science and K-5 lead science teacher with the Little Rock School District. Joel also serves as a Computer Science Fundamentals (CSF) Facilitator for Code.org and has trained over 1500 teachers in computer science education across the state of Arkansas. Joel has served on the Arkansas Computer Science K-8 Frameworks committee, helping author and implement the AR CS Standards. He also assisted Code.org on curriculum writing for their CSF elementary courses. Joel was the recipient of the 2016 Arkansas Association of Instructional Media Technology of the Year Award and received a special invitation from The White House for the 2016 Teach of the Year ceremony for his work in computer science education. 

## Lisa Strawn
Lisa Strawn has experience as both an educator and a technology professional. She has an undergraduate degree in Mathematics and a Master of Education in Secondary Education. She is currently a database analyst for a financial technology company as well as the creator of the podcast Crime & Precedents, but she has a passion for STEM education and seeks out ways to create resources and contribute to better STEM education for students. Lisa holds an Arkansas teaching license for 7-12 Math and has created data tracking systems and classroom formats implemented across departments and schools as well as consulted with individual teachers to implement and improve data-driven decision making. Lisa strives to combine her skills for data, technology, and education to not only educate students in STEM areas but to create a passion in students for those fields and open up opportunities for all students to realize their potential.